updates with auto-fix for product update (#350)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: account-view/test-cases.mdx

It is the place where you can add, edit or delete test cases. From here, you can also grow your test suite by [having our AI agent generate new tests](/get-started/generate-more-test-cases) based on specific test cases.

> Tests are displayed in `dependency view` mode as default. It shows the test case hierarchy - how tests are chained togehter and which tests will run after which when executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests are displayed in `dependency view` mode as default. It shows the test case hierarchy - how tests are chained together and which tests will run after which when executed.
```

<div class="mt-8" />

<Frame caption="'test cases' page - dependency view, 12/2024">
  <img
    src="/images/accounts/test-cases-page.png"
    alt="test cases page view in dependency view"
  />
</Frame>

## Folders view

We added a customizable way to organize your test cases. If you don't like the `dependency tree view` and prefer your own arrangement, you can use the folder view now.

> Create new folders and add your test cases to them to organize your list as you wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create new folders and move your test cases into them to organize your list as you wish.
```
